plugin_dirs := \
	themes \
	audio_transitions \
	video_transitions \
	transforms \
	colors \
	exotic \
	audio_tools \
	video_tools \
	blending \
	tv_effects \

blondtheme	:= themes
bluedottheme	:= themes
brighttheme	:= themes
suv		:= themes

crossfade	:= audio_transitions

bandslide	:= video_transitions
bandwipe	:= video_transitions
dissolve	:= video_transitions
flip		:= video_transitions
irissquare	:= video_transitions
shapewipe	:= video_transitions
slide		:= video_transitions
wipe		:= video_transitions
zoom		:= video_transitions

1080to480	:= transforms
1080to540	:= transforms
720to480	:= transforms
lens		:= transforms
perspective	:= transforms
photoscale	:= transforms
polar		:= transforms
rotate		:= transforms
scale		:= transforms
translate	:= transforms
whirl		:= transforms

brightness	:= colors
bluebanana	:= colors
C41		:= colors
color3way	:= colors
colorbalance	:= colors
huesaturation	:= colors
gamma		:= colors
gradient	:= colors
histogram	:= colors
threshold	:= colors

aging		:= exotic
burn		:= exotic
dot		:= exotic
holo		:= exotic
oil		:= exotic

audioscope	:= audio_tools
cdripper	:= audio_tools
compressor	:= audio_tools
dcoffset	:= audio_tools
delayaudio	:= audio_tools
denoisefft	:= audio_tools
denoise		:= audio_tools
despike		:= audio_tools
downsample	:= audio_tools
echocancel	:= audio_tools
echo		:= audio_tools
freeverb	:= audio_tools
gain		:= audio_tools
graphic		:= audio_tools
interpolateaudio := audio_tools
invertaudio	:= audio_tools
leveleffect	:= audio_tools
loopaudio	:= audio_tools
normalize	:= audio_tools
overlayaudio	:= audio_tools
parametric	:= audio_tools
pitch		:= audio_tools
removegaps	:= audio_tools
resample	:= audio_tools
resamplert	:= audio_tools
reverb		:= audio_tools
reverseaudio	:= audio_tools
synthesizer	:= audio_tools
timestretch	:= audio_tools
timestretchrt	:= audio_tools
vocoder		:= audio_tools

blur		:= video_tools
decimate	:= video_tools
delayvideo	:= video_tools
denoisemjpeg	:= video_tools
denoisevideo	:= video_tools
fieldframe	:= video_tools
flash		:= video_tools
framefield	:= video_tools
freezeframe	:= video_tools
greycstoration	:= video_tools
interpolatepixels := video_tools
interpolatevideo := video_tools
invertvideo	:= video_tools
linearblur	:= video_tools
loopvideo	:= video_tools
motion2		:= video_tools
motionblur	:= video_tools
motion		:= video_tools
overlay		:= video_tools
radialblur	:= video_tools
reframe		:= video_tools
reframert	:= video_tools
reroute		:= video_tools
reversevideo	:= video_tools
seltempavg	:= video_tools
sharpen		:= video_tools
spectrogram	:= video_tools
svg		:= video_tools
titler		:= video_tools
timeavg		:= video_tools
timefront	:= video_tools
unsharp		:= video_tools
videoscope	:= video_tools
wave		:= video_tools
zoomblur	:= video_tools

chromakeyhsv	:= blending
chromakey	:= blending
diffkey		:= blending

deinterlace-cv	:= tv_effects
deinterlace	:= tv_effects
ivtc		:= tv_effects
liveaudio	:= tv_effects
livevideo	:= tv_effects
rgb601		:= tv_effects
rgbshift	:= tv_effects
shiftinterlace	:= tv_effects
swapchannels	:= tv_effects
swapframes	:= tv_effects
yuv		:= tv_effects
yuvshift	:= tv_effects

